All right.
In this video, we have an assignment for you.
One more assignment.
We are going to refactor the image service.
So this is the last service that we have that is
a non-reactive type.
So we want to get this going and using the refactor types
and the reactive repository and get it returning
to the service layer that way.
So again, we are going to refactor the image service
to use the reactive repository.
We also want to refactor it to use return reactive types.
And of course, we want to update our unit tests.
And now, in the next video, I am going to go through
those all step by step, so we'll get hands on.
So I'm really taking my time in this section getting
you used to the reactive types.
So you'll be able to see us go through things
step by step.
And then one final reminder is one simply
does not simply break the build.
So one for the Game of Thrones fan at the time
of recording this, we are upcoming on the final
episode of season seven of Game of Thrones.
So I am a big fan and quite a series there.
But as a quick reminder, one does not break the build.
So I'm still playing on myself.
A couple of videos ago where I did, in fact,
break the build.
So we do not want to get in the habit of breaking the build.
So watch those unit test as you proceed through this.
And in the next video, we are going to go through
and refactor that step by step.